renatinho detonates funks is crazy in
waterfall
[Music]
i
ae
catching his attention was basketball not
feel the shine of the body
Our streetcar is just enjoying the money there.
the world down low camaro that the
dim cove 28min each but impressed
stealing the scene is an old affair by
the money is the same when in the field
from the dolce gabbana shopping mall to you to go out
world and coming together does not
said that that stick of the stone arrived
This is where the music and the boys are.
Wondering if you want to kiss her, I want to
let me never see a corner of
fish out of water
the boys and girls on duty are boys
that such fortune and preference are the
media boys when she kisses
and blinks to that type is the drink of the
River
everything teaches you learn from the chandon chap end
of week
I lost count of who to vote for
I started fifa is living well we
in 5 at hand in each state of Brazil that
around the world more than me
i
[Music]
ae
ana suppression of attention attention to
attention attention